okay we're here with Rob Berbick here at
the tour van and he is going to talk
about the new method concept putter now
wrap this one seems to have a lot of
lovers and a lot of people who are not
comfortable with the shape punch tell us
about the controversial huh well here's
here's the reason behind the unusual
shape this red piece the face piece is
extremely lightweight as made from
aluminum and then the back piece for the
black piece here almost 80% of the
weight of this putter head is focused in
that black back when you see what is
normally a high moment of inertia putter
you see a large unusually shaped butter
you know like our drone well the idea
behind this was being able to create
that very very high moment of inertia a
lot of stability in the putter head but
in a smaller footprint so saving that
weight out of this area was a big key to
getting the moment of inertia very very
high and yeah I would say even among our
Tour players that have looked at this
thing and try to the you know their
first reaction is kind of like what is
that however if once they hit a few
putts with it I think feels pretty good
so it's it's definitely something
unusual again encompassing our poly
metal groove technology this would be a
core insert in that one and just like we
saw with drone very very stable that's a
large large amount of weight another
interesting thing that that kind of
shows up in a lot of our testing because
there's so much weight back in this tray
it's really really hard to de sel this
putter so like take it back then kind of
quit on it it it just once you get that
thing moving forward in your stroke it
just kind of wants to keep going yeah
that's great I'm really looking forward
to testing that one and reviewing it on
the blog and definitely the because of
the weight in the putter and being able
to not decelerate and not quit on the
putt that's big yeah you know if you
give it a chance to you know I shouldn't
say overcome the looks but give the
looks a chance there is a function
behind it like I said normally when we
do something that looks a little weird
we do it for a reason so
yeah that's it personally I kind of like
the different shape cutters myself you
know because get little comments and
what's in the bag and stuff so yeah it
looks like it'll definitely get some
results though - so alright thanks Rob
appreciate it okay